---
title: "Anchore Enterprise Release Notes - Version 3.2.0"
linkTitle: "3.2.0"

weight: 39
---

## Anchore Enterprise 3.2.0

This release brings the Next-Gen (v2) vulnerability scanner, based on Grype, from Tech Preview into full support and makes it the default for new Anchore Enterprise deployments.

Version 3.2.0 also includes other improvements and fixes.

## New Features

### Next-Gen scanner is now the default vulnerability scanner

Anchore Enterprise now uses the Next-Gen scanner, based on Grype, for vulnerability scanning. The new scanner replaces the legacy vulnerability scanner, but legacy remains available.

Only new installations will default to the new scanner. Upgrades for existing deployments will use the same scanner as the pre-upgrade deployment unless specifically configured to change. 

See [Next-Gen Vulnerability Scanner]({{<ref "/docs/overview/next_gen_scanner" >}}) for more information.

### SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES) support

Anchore Enterprise can now scan SLES and OpenSUSE images for vulnerabilities.

### Allow trigger IDs to be added to allow lists

To allow list a package and version rule, a mechanism to allow list items other than vulnerabilities has been added to the app.

### Fixes

Dependency updates to resolve vulnerability findings.

## Enterprise UI Changes

### Added

- New Secret Search content tab. Secret Search results are now available within the Image Analysis → Contents page. These artifacts are already calculated during analysis, but were not previously visible in the UI.
- New Content Search content tab. Content Search results are now available within the Image Analysis → Contents page. These artifacts are already calculated during analysis, but were not previously visible in the UI.
- New Retrieved Files content tab. Retrieved Files results are now available within the Image Analysis → Contents page. These artifacts are already calculated during analysis, but were not previously visible in the UI.
- Add / Edit Registry Credentials feature now is accessible from the Account menu. Since the Registry Credentials are at the account level, they were moved from the System view to the top-right Account menu. It is also accessible from within the Analyze Repository / Tag modals.
- View package metadata from the Vulnerabilities tab main table. As a SecOps user, you can now see more information about a package listed with a vulnerability in the Vulnerabilities tab main table. You can click the Package column entry to assess the impact, and determine if the vulnerability match may be a false positive.
- Analyzing images can now be removed in bulk via the Analysis Cancellation / Repository Removal dropdown.
- Content tab data is now cached. Content type tabs within the Image Analysis → Contents page are now lightly cached for performance.
- Permit gates other than vulnerabilities to be added to an allowlist. This includes package version triggers, and more.
- Descriptions can be added upon allowlisting a trigger from within the Image Analysis → Policy Compliance tab.

### Fixes

- View Reports tab now available for any user with listImages permissions.
- Severities filter is now properly handled for scheduled Runtime Inventory Images by Vulnerability queries.
- Table columns are automatically resized. When table column widths are greater than the total width of its container, they automatically resize to avoid overlap of text.
- LDAP user mappings are now removed upon account deletion.
- Miscellaneous: Various supporting libraries have been updated in order to improve security, performance, and also to remove deprecation warnings from browser and server output logs. Redundant libraries have been removed to reduce the app startup time and overall size.

### Upgrading

With the new scanning engine there may be slightly different vulnerability results due to improved accuracy. It is highly 
recommended for you to reach out and partner with Anchore Support for planning and managing the upgrade to ensure minimal 
disruption for your workflows and workloads.

Upgrading to Anchore Enterprise 3.2.0 involves a database upgrade that the system will handle itself. It may cause the upgrade to take several minutes.

* [Upgrading Anchore]({{< ref "/docs/installation/upgrade" >}})
