---
title: "Anchore Enterprise Release Notes - Version 3.2.1"
linkTitle: "3.2.1"

weight: 37
---

## Anchore Enterprise 3.2.1

v3.2.1 is a patch release of Anchore Enterprise containing targeted fixes and improvements. No database upgrade is necessary.

## Enterprise Service Changes

### Fixes
- Feed syncs no longer fail for GitHub groups.
- Images failing analysis due to specific unexpected python package format issue fixed in Syft to ensure analysis can complete.
- Content hints now correctly scan non-OS packages for vulnerabilities.
- The Syft invocation during image analysis now uses the analyzer unpack directory consistent with other analysis data IO instead of the OS default temp directory.

## Enterprise UI Changes

### Fixes

- Image Analysis: Vulnerabilities. RPM packages were displayed as RedHat packages in the **Vulnerabilities** tab, and they used the RedHat icon for SuSE images. The RPM icon is now used, and the package type is now simply described as RPM.
- Image Analysis: Ancestry. Image ancestry fetch errors are now gracefully handled inline and do not block image analysis calls if they occur.
- Image Selection: Add Image/Add Repository. Opening the **Add Registry** dialog from the **Add Image** or **Add Repository** dialogs would cause the tooltips on the initial dialogs to flicker if you attempted to view them after dismissing the **Add Registry** dialog. This is now fixed.
- Kubernetes Inventory: Analyze Image. On initial presentation of the list of any images detected within a namespace, the buttons that allowed you to analyze new images would be disabled. This was due to an RBAC permission error. This issue is now fixed.
- LDAP: Connectivity. LDAP authentication connection timeouts have now been externalized in order to allow customers to directly configure these thresholds, if necessary. These values can be set via the file- or environment-based Enterprise Client [application configuration](https://docs.anchore.com/current/docs/installation/ui/ui_configuration) parameters.
- Miscellaneous. Various supporting libraries have been updated to improve security, performance, and also to remove deprecation warnings from browser and server output logs. Redundant libraries have also been removed to reduce the app startup time and overall size.

### Upgrading
No database upgrades are required for this update.

