---
title: "Anchore Enterprise Release Notes - Version 3.3.0"
linkTitle: "3.3.0"

weight: 33
---

## Anchore Enterprise 3.3.0

This release offers Rocky Linux support and various UI updates.

Version 3.3.0 also includes other improvements and fixes.

### Rocky Linux support

Anchore Enterprise can now scan Rocky Linux images for vulnerabilities. 

### Fixes
 
- Images that had Go content and hints enabled were failing analysis. This has been fixed.
- Inventory images were failing to parse properly, which caused scan failures. This issue has been fixed.
- NuGet packages were not matched to vulnerabilities correctly. This is now fixed.
- With the Grype provider, NVD and vendor CVSS scores were missing for records in non-NVD namespaces. This is now fixed.
- Migration code was added to clean-up the unused feed records, and fixed artifacts and vulnerabilities records for the github:os group.

## Enterprise UI Changes

- Multi-image selection and deletion now possible for RepositoryView.
- The login page banner can now be edited. You can now edit the banner on the login page to provide customized information, such as how to log in, whether to use SSO or email addresses, and support contact information.
- Failed images can now be removed from a repository. 
- The context of the policy bundle test results view is now preserved as a user changes to different tabs. 

### Fixes

- JSON and CSV downloads from the **Policy Compliance** tab now include the policy bundle name and data.
- Compliance tables now correctly filter based on column data.

### Upgrading
Upgrading to Anchore Enterprise 3.3.0 involves a database upgrade that the system will handle itself. It may cause the upgrade to take several minutes.

## AnchoreCTL

